Okay, so let's start by entering the link. Okay, so when we click on the link, it takes us to the page. So, on the page, right now I'm on the computer view. So, at the header, we have the company logo. Beside it, we have a search bar. Beside the search bar, we have a box. It's like a box branded at both right and left, like a randomness, a very randomness. It's not a circle. So, this is the location. Whenever you click on the location, the location box, it brings a pop-up. So, the pop-up at the top, it says locations and environments. Then, there is a location, which you can select, I think, wherever you are from. But, I think, automatically it detects your IP location, which says Germany. So, below the location, there is a workplace type with three checkboxes. We have remote, hybrid, and onsite. Those are the checkboxes. You can check them. You can uncheck. Then, we have physical position with the two checkboxes, which is sitting or desk jobs and active. Then, we have physical environment, which has five checkboxes under it, which is office, outdoor, vehicle, industrial, customer-facing. Then, we have physical labor intensity, which has three checkboxes, which is low, medium, or high. Then, we have cognitive demand, which has three checkboxes itself, which is low, medium, and high. You can check. You can uncheck. We have computer usage level, which has low, medium, high. And, we have oral communication level, which has low, medium, and high. And, at the end, we have a clear button and an apply button. So, at the top, you have a close icon to close the pop-up. And, all these checkboxes, they are all checked on default. All right. Closing the pop-up now. Beside the pop-up, we have a profile icon. It has like a menu icon. The box is very small. So, when you click on it, you see a menu focus group that shows. You have saved jobs, saved searches. You have account. You have talent network, inbox. Then, you have about us. You have follow and read it, employers, and light mode or dark mode. But, the light mode or dark mode should not be in our MVP. Yeah, that's my priority for now. So, let's click on each of them one by one. Clicking on the saved jobs, it takes me to another page, right? So, taking me to another page. We have the header. So, the header is still there, which is the one I explained. The logo on the left side. The search bar in the middle. But, this time, there is no location box in the header. And, yes, at the last part of the header, there is that menu icon. There is that menu armbar that shows the saved jobs, the saved searches, and so on. So, the header changes whenever we click on the saved jobs. So, when we click on the saved jobs, below the header, we see a tracker and a saved search. Right next to each other. So, under the tracker, you can see saved, applied, intervened, rejected, hidden. So, right now, I have no jobs saved. It says in the main container section, no saved jobs. So, it starts adding jobs to your list. It is clickable. It is like a link that will take me to probably where I will apply for jobs. When I click on applied, as well, it says nothing. When I click on intervened, it says no intervening jobs. When I click on rejected, it says no rejected jobs. Start adding jobs to your list. Add on hidden, it says no hidden jobs. Start adding jobs to your list. So, you know, I said there is a tracker and there is a saved search. So, when I click on the saved search, it brings the container up and the video. It says no saved search yet. You haven't saved anything yet to save the search. It is like a guidance, like maybe guiding us how to save search. So, this should not be in our MVP. Yeah. You can just keep the tracker, you know. So, going back to the page, you know, what brings us here is when we click on the saved jobs. That is what brings us here. So, click on that menu icon where I click the saved jobs. We have saved searches. Okay, it is still the same thing. It takes us to another page and shows a video or a guidance. Like I said, I don't want to have our MVP yet. So, when I click on that menu, on that amber, again in the header, the one that is showing the menu focus group. You know, we have an account on it as well. Let's click on the account. Okay. So, this. Oh, it is not even taking us to a new page. It is just showing a new page. Still on the same link. It makes the old page disappear and shows you a new page. So, when you click back, you go back to the old page. So, now when I click on the account, it shows a new page. Still on that address and there is a pop-up. There is a pop-up element, right, which is at the top. It says my account on the left. And on the right side, it says log out. The one that follows, I have a profile. And there is my email below the profile. We have a security which says, forgotten your password or just want to change it. We send a secure link to your email. And there is a change password button where I can change my password. And we have accounts created on Friday, August 8th, 2025. And at the below, we have email notifications which has two checkboxes. Daily Digest Beta. I think these are for the email notification. It has two checkboxes. Daily Digest Beta. New matches from your saved search. Yeah, I think I want that. Users should be able to get notified whenever there is a new match for their saved search. And IRN Cave announcement checkbox as well. I think I want both of them in my MVP. Yeah, that's necessary. So, when we go back, we are still on the menu icon that is displaying the menu focus group. So let's go to the talent network. So the talent network brings a new page as well. Still on the same link. So it says, let the company apply to you. Submit your resume and let the company apply to you directly on IRN Cave. Go live anytime. ID approved whenever you want. Your identities. So, we have a get started now button. It takes 30 seconds and it's 100% free. Below it, we have a text which says that. And we have a frequently asked question. Which is, what is IRN Cave talent network? We have an icon that displays the information under each frequently asked question.

So, I do not want this. I do not want this. So, let's go back to the page. Now, going back to the header. So, back to the menu icon that displays the menu focus group. Now, I click on Inbox. So, Inbox takes me to another page again. So, on the page, it says no request yet. Join now and give Talents Network free and let companies apply to you. Which means I have no request yet. I think this is the page where I will receive requests whenever a job or a company applies. So, I want that in my MVP. So, one thing I noticed is that we have... Right now, I noticed we have two types of headers. Alright. So, the first header is the one you see on the main page, which is on default whenever you come to the page. Just like I explained before, we have the company logo, the search in the middle. We have the location box, which shows your location. You can select what you want. Then, when you click on it, I explained already about that. I don't need to go back. Then, we have the menu icon on the right side. Still under the header, below the header, we have things like department, salary. They are like categories. You can click on each of them. And it will show you pop-up. It will show you pop-up on the page when you click on each of them. So, I will list you all the things that are like categories over there. So, first one is department. The next is salary. The next is commitment. Experience. Job titles and keywords. Education. License and certifications. Security clearance. Languages. Shifts and schedules. Travel requirements. Benefits and perks. Encourage to apply. So, all these things are also under the header. So, they are below the company name, the search bar, the location box, and the menu icon that displays the menu focus group. So, whenever you click on them, it shows you a pop-up. Let's start from department. On the pop-up, at the top, it says department. Below, you can search for department. Below the search, you can see if you want to expand or collapse all. So, on default, in the pop-up, you can see technology, design and creative, business operations, sales and marketing, healthcare, education, customer service and social service. No, customer and social services. Under the skilled trades, we have construction, mechanical, repair, labor, etc. Then, we have transportation and logistics. We have quality and safety, research and development, food and hospitality, protective service and custodial services. So, under each of these, we have checkbox. For technology, we have engineering, software development, information technology, data and analytics. The four of them are checkboxes. You can check them, you can uncheck them. Under the design and creative, we have two checkboxes, design and also creative and art services. Under the business operation, we have quite a few checkboxes. The first one, project and program management. The second one, product management. The third one, business operations. The fourth one, legal and compliance. The fifth, finance and accounting. The sixth, human resources. The seventh, administrative and clerical support. Under sales and marketing, we have four checkboxes. Sales, marketing, communication and public affairs, business development. Under healthcare, we have healthcare service, advanced practice, healthcare service allied health, healthcare service nursing, healthcare service pharmacy, healthcare service veterinary. So, actually, most of these things will be added by the admin. You know, the admin of this page of the site, we add all of these things. So, I can't list all the checkboxes on each of them. I'm just telling you that all those things I listed before on the department, all of them, they have checkboxes one or two under it. So, like I said, at the top, there is the expand button and collapse. So, when I click on the collapse, it hides all the checkboxes under it. When I click on expand, it shows all the checkboxes under it. So, whenever I click on maybe the technology and I choose some engineering checkbox or I choose one or two checkboxes. So, it immediately highlights the category under the header. In the header, too, because they are in the header. They are just below the header, but there is a container that groups those categories with the headers. So, whenever I click on any of the checkboxes, it highlights that particular category. Just right now, I'm in department. So, as I click the checkbox, the department is highlighted, which means something has been changed. Something has been picked. So, if I remove the checkbox, it goes back to a normal, to as it was before. So, when you click on apply, then yeah. So, we have the same for salary. So, under the salary, when I click on salary now, it shows a pop-up. So, at first, it says undisclosed salary preference. There is a checkbox under that which says hide job with undisclosed salaries. So, you can click the checkbox. You can check. You can uncheck. So, below, it has a desired compensation, which has inputs where you can type the amount. So, below it, there is a dropdown, monthly, weekly, bi-weekly, weekly, daily, hour. So, there is an option that you can select in the dropdown. And below that, we have listed frequency and listed currency. All right. So, under listed frequency, there is any hour, daily, bi-weekly, yearly, monthly, weekly. You can select any of these. Yep. You can select any of that. This is not a dropdown. It's just there. I don't know what to call it. But it's there already. They are like in each list of groups. So, you can just pick any of them and, you know. So, you highlight the one you pick. Under the listed currency, when it shows a dropdown of currencies, like 20 or 30 currency, not all, not the world currency. So, after you are done, there is the apply or clear all button, which you can apply or clear all. So, I picked some random. So, my salary is highlighted.

So, as my salary is highlighted and I close the pop-up, so now we have the commitment. So, the commitment shows a pop-up as well. So, under it, there are only check boxes there, which is the full-time, part-time, contract, internship, temporary, seasonal, and volunteer. So, you can click on the check box. On page load, like on defaults, all these boxes are checked. So, you can choose to remove one of them. Immediately you remove one of them, it highlights the commitment. So, when you check everything, the commitment is back to normal. So, when you click on apply, it closes the pop-up. Or, when you click on the close icon, it closes the pop-up. Or, when you click on any side of the page, it closes the pop-up. Then, we have experience. Experience also shows a pop-up. At the top, it shows experience. Then, we have seniority with four check boxes. So, under seniority, we have no prior experience required. Entry level, mid-level, senior level. Then, we have another one, which is role type. It has two check boxes. Individual contributor, people, manager. And, at the below, we have two, what do I call this, years of, it says years of experience, role, and industry. Then, another one, years of experience, management, and leadership. And, there is, what do they call these elements? It's dragging. Well, you can drag it, like, from, you can keep dragging it, then it will change. Whenever you drag it, it shows like a, yeah, it's like a range. You know, the range element. There is a range element on both of them that is draggable. So, years of experience, when dragging it, I don't want that in my MVP, though. So, the years of experience and role, there should just be, maybe, if an impute, an impute to put them in, yeah, I don't want that, that would make this too complex. And, for the years of experience, management, and leadership, as well, there should be an impute to put in the correct data you want to put in. And, there is an apply button that you can, at the bottom, that you can use to apply and close. So, on the job titles and keywords. Now, back to the categories under the, inside the header. So, when I click on that, it shows, at the top, there is job titles and keywords. So, then we have four books in a row, layout, inside the pop-up. The first one is called the job title terms. So, below it, it has an example, strategy and operation, loss practitioner, data scientist. It has a lot more information. So, below it, it says pro tip, use art to search for job titles. So, below it, there is a multi-line input box where you can type. Inside the multi-line input box, it says add boolean query. So, you can type there. And, there is a text below the multi-line input text area, which is how boolean query works. It's a link, because when you click on that, it takes you to another page and explain how, it takes you to a Wikimedia page that explains how boolean queries works. So, I don't even think I, I don't think we need all this. I think we do, because, yeah, people should be able to search their job titles, blah, blah, blah. So, on the second box, inside the pop-up, it's called technical keywords. It's just like the same thing of the first one, the job title terms. It's just like a replica, just some details changed. For the example for the technical words, it says like Microsoft, AWS, or Azure, modern front-end, full-stack. So, it also says, in the protip, it says use ads to search for available keywords. So, the third group, it says entire job description. Okay. So, below it, it has a fake text. It says, searches across the entire job description. So, there's an input as well, the motorline input text, where you can write. This is our boolean query, and below it, again, with the link, our boolean query works. It's just like the first box and the second box. The only difference here is that, you know, for the first box, it says protip, use ads to search for available keywords. But for this one, it says, searches across the entire job description. So, on the fourth box, it is called requirements keywords. So, below it, straight up, it has a motorline text feed, and at the below, it's a link that says our boolean query works. So, below, below, we have the apply button and the clear all. So, let's exit the page. So, going to another category, let's click on education. On education, a pop-up shows up, and at the top, we have education like the rest as well. Then, we have, below it, we have associate degree. So, there is a check. I don't know how to say this, but it's not a check. There is a checkbox with a text inside it. It's like a checkboxes group. It's a text. So, under associate degree, we have three checkboxes with text inside it. They are called required, preferred, not mentioned. So, whenever you click on those groups, it shows the checkbox is checked, and it shows a color in the borderline, all around it of that box. So, you can choose three at the same time. So, that's for associate degree. Then, whenever you click on. So, at the below, there is a little text that shows a drop-down. It says associate degrees majors. So, the first one, it says include majors. This is where you can search. I think the type of majors, you see electrical counseling design, architecture, laboratory design. You can pick the one you want. You can pick as many as possible. Then, we have exclude majors. So, you can also search, search, blah, blah, blah. Then, yeah. So, when you click on that text box, it close the group. So, you can as well choose to required, preferred, not mentioned. You can require to show the three. So, below the associates degree, we have the bachelor degree. The same process for the associate degree, having three books with text. The same required, preferred, not mentioned. And also, the bachelor degree also has a little text that when clicked, it shows a little drop-down where you can include majors. You search for them. Then, exclude majors. You search for them. The same thing we have for the master degree. The same thing for the doctorate degree

and below them we have apply button and a clear all so let's close the pop-up so on the next category we have license and certification so let's click on it so it shows a pop-up again just like the rest at the top it says license and certification the title of the category so it has a box in it it says add job that's require a license or certification there is a yes or no button then below we have license and certification keywords which has a search bar in it you can search for some things like food and lab I mean it's data assistant, PHR, food and name and so on then we have exclude license and certification keywords which is search below it where you can search for a bunch of things just like the the first one then there is an apply button so let's close that let's go to the next category which is a security clearance so the security clearance has bunch of checkbox the first one no explicit reference to clearance just like eight checkbox in it okay I think what we are going to do now is let me just keep explaining what I can see so it does check eight checkboxes right so let's close it let's go to the next one languages so on languages we have a box the first one which says language requirements there is a search below it where you can search languages like English Spanish, German, French, Dutch as many as possible then the next we have exclude language requirement there is a search box as well that's where you can select English, field text, SH, Quranic, local language and as many as possible as well then there is a button below that says apply so let's close the pop-up the next one we have the shift and schedule okay so this one is just like I explained on the it's just like I explained on the education category right you know so the shift and schedule is almost like the same because at first when you click on the pop-up at the top it shows the category name which is shift and schedules then below it you have a trace of topics just like the others as well which is morning or day, morning, day or first shift so you have three checkbox with a text in them so this is a group with a checkbox and a text the first one say required optional and indicated so three of them are in a column container under the morning, day or first shift so you can click on them required optional and not indicated you can click on the three so after the morning, day or first shift then we have afternoon, evening or second shift which has exactly the three boxes again the checkbox with required and checkbox with optional and checkbox with not indicated yeah so those three box as well on the afternoon, evening, second shift so you can click them click on the on each on each box then it's check the box so the third one we have the overnight, graveyard, third shift so here as well you can click on here as well as those checkbox as well those three checkbox you can click on them then below it we have weekend availability so this one has like a text a list of text that has a checkbox as well but they are listed in the row in a row manner so weekend availability you have a required not indicated and doesn't matter the three of them you can select you can only select one yeah so we have holiday availability you can only select one as well required not indicated doesn't matter the same thing for the overtime availability you have those three options you can only select one so and we have on core requirement there are three checkbox non-vocational with the open brackets once a month or less than the top checkbox regular open brackets once a week or more then below we have apply button or clear all so closing the pop-up let's go to the next requirement which is travel requirements so travel requirements have to add it opening the checkbox on the pop-up there is a there is a day category names travel requirements at the top then it's have two subheadings year travel requirements and land travel requirements which both of them has like four checkbox you can first one is non-minimal moderate extensive you can check you can on default all those basics are checked for both the subheadings so you can check on one of them and yeah whenever you uncheck one of them it's whenever you uncheck one of them years it's highlights the category travel requirements so let's close the pop-up now we have the benefits and category so let's click on it it shows a pop-up as well so on the pop-up it has the category name at the top so you have it's on checked box that you can check which it takes beside it so it's here you can check them the first one is general split time of we are for one key matching we have retirement plan we have visas for sponsorship and it's like that so yeah let's close that encouraged to then we have the encouraged to apply category when click on that it shows a pop-up at the top we have the category name then we have to check versus just like the benefits and parks checkbox so yeah they are both on checked on default as well so whenever you click any of them it's highlights the whenever you check any of those books it's highlights the category it's applied as category yeah so let's close the pop-up I think doesn't does all the category yeah so now let me explain the whole thing again about the editing so once in an OC surface we have to get her so whenever we I see more data and I will explain so the first and I we have is the one on page load on the default speech which is at the top it has the company name and logo the middle it has a search the beside the search it has another box which look like the search for is a box which shows the location on default it shows your location I think it can assess your IP to yeah to know your location but when I when you click on this location box it shows some information that I explained already at the beginning so besides us the location box we have a menu icon that display a group menu focus I already explained the details inside this as well so below all these four things the first one is the group the company name and logo that's the first one the search bar the location and the menu icon so below them you add the categories so we have the categories one by one two departments salary commitment experience job titles and keywords education license and certification security clearance languages shifts and schedules travel requirements benefit and pegs encouraged to reply to apply so we have those categories below there so that's the first header the second header is whenever I click on the menu icon that shows the menu focus group that has the saved jobs and Let's click on the saved job for example, it shows us a page, so you know on the first header we have two things there, the first one is the group that has the company name and logo, the search, the location box, and the menu icon, that's the group, and below it we have a group that has all the categories, right? So now, in this new page now, the group that has all the categories is not there anymore, so the first group that has the company name, the search, the location box, and the menu icon is there, but the only thing is that the location box is not there anymore, it is removed on this page, so that's the second header

Alright, so now let's go back to the main page. You know, like I said before, there's a group that has all the categories in the header. So now, now let's go to the main content. So, in the main content, we have, like I said before, I'm on laptop screen. So, we have 4 boxes in a row. So, yeah, 4 boxes in a row. So, these are jobs. So, whenever a job is visible, there are 5 categories that add to the header. I want you to get this thing very well. There are categories in the header. So, whenever a job is visible, there are 5 categories that add to the header. So, these 5 categories, they are different colors, like the different box, the different, I mean, the color is different, the text color is different from the normal categories because these categories are helps in finding jobs or to look for it. I will explain this fully though. So, whenever a job is visible, the categories that appear are 5. Number 1 is company. The second is industry. The third is stage and funding. The fourth is size and the fifth one is funding year. Beside it, you have a safe search. So, that safe search is used to save a search. So, let's click on each of those categories that shows up whenever jobs are visible. So, the first one, company, when I click on it, it shows a pop-up. So, we have company name. There is a search input where when you click on, you see a list of companies. You can search for the one you want to search. Yeah. So, if it's not there, you can add the one that you want to add. So, you can add as many as possible. And on the second one, we have exclude company names. So, there is also a search input where you can search. There is a list you can pick from. And you can also hide the one that is not in the search. It's allowed. So, after that, there is an apply button. Then, you can apply it. So, let's close the pop-up. Let's go to the next one, the industry. So, when I click on the industry, it shows a pop-up. It has four boxes. On the first box, there is a written message. There is a written text. It says for profit versus non-profit. So, there are three boxes below. It's three groups with a text in them. The first one is all. The second one is for profit. The third one is for non-profit. So, you can click on one of them. You can't pick the three. You have to click either for profit or non-profit. So, in the second box, we have company activities and keywords. And exclude company industries and keywords. So, there is a search for each of them. It's just like I explained for the company, right? You can search. It will show you a list. And you can hide your own. So, in the third box, we have company, industry, and exclude industries. So, there is a search for each of them as well. And in the last box, the title says usjobs.government. The short one, the G-O-V. So, it has three options that you have to choose from. The first one says it's okay to include jobs from [usjobs.gov](http://usjobs.gov/). Only show jobs from [usjobs.gov](http://usjobs.gov/). Do not show any jobs from [usjobs.gov](http://usjobs.gov/). So, you can only choose one of these. Then, at the bottom, there is a clear or apply button. So, closing the pop-up, let's go to the next one, which is stage and funding. So, when stage and funding is clicked, in the pop-up, it shows the category name, stage and funding. Also, for the rest of the categories that appear whenever jobs are visible, it also shows their category names when the pop-up is shown. In fact, for all categories, whenever they are clicked, there is always the category name at the top of the pop-up, at the left side. At the top left corner, yeah. So, when I click on the stage and funding, right? So, just like I explained for the industry, there is a current stage, which has three boxes with a text in it, three groups with a text in it. They are all public and private. So, you can click one of them, yeah. So, below it, we have a box with investor and exclude investors. So, there is a search for both of them. Yeah, I explained this already. Then, next, we have a box with latest round and exclude latest round. So, there is a search feed for this as well. For both of them, you can search. You can add the one that is not in the search. And there is a next one, raised in or after. You can select, yeah. And the last one, latest round amount raised. There is an input feed to put whatever you want to put. You can only put numbers. And the raised in or after is an input feed as well. You can put in only numbers. So, below, there is a clear all or apply button. I want you to keep notes on the... I want you to make sure those buttons are MVPs. Because for some, I mentioned apply button alone. For some, I only mentioned clear all or apply button. So, those things are very important things you should keep in check. So, the next category is the size. So, there are bunches of checkboxes here. The first one is all. The second one, 1 to 10 employee. 11 to 50. 51 to 200. 201 to 500. And so on. So, below this is an apply button. Yeah. So, also make sure it is MVP that whenever a pop-up is shown. Like the category name of that pop-up should be at the top left corner. Yeah. That's an MVP as well. So, the next category is funding year. So, it has... It has end-time funding year range. So, there are two inputs. Minimum year to present. So, the minimum year is an input. And the present is also an input where you can put numbers. You can type the year you want to type. Then there is an apply button to apply. So, this is a pop-up. Then we have the save search button. So, whenever your save search button is clicked, it shows a pop-up. Right. So, at the top of the pop-up it says save a new search and update existing search. So, there is a title at the top that changes depending on the one you choose. If you click on save a new search, the title will change to save a new search. If you click update existing search, the title will change to update search. So, save a new search. There is an input feed where you can type the name. And below there is a cancel or a save search. The save search is not clickable if the input is empty. So, when I type something here, it is clickable. So the update existing search Right now, there is a search option which will drop down a list of saved searches. Right now, because I have not saved any search, it says there is no option. Also, in the selected search, you can also type there to find the name of the saved search. So, let's try to save a new search. Let's see where it takes us to. Let's put this. Alright, so now that I saved the search, the pop-up closed and it shows an alert. Saved successfully. So, now, let's go to our header. Remember, we had an header. In our header, on the first group, which has the company name and logo, the search, the location box, and the menu icon that shows the menu group focus. On the menu icon that shows the menu group focus, remember there is a saved search. So, when I click on it, so, I already explained about the saved search. Alright, so now, after discussing about the categories that shows whenever we have jobs shown in the main container. So, on the main container, at the top, we have your saved searches. So, the container is below the header. Exactly below the header. The first header. When I say first header, you should know what I mean by that. That's the header that has... Okay, no, this is the third header now. Yeah, this is the third header. The third header has the company name and logo, the search, the location box, the menu that shows the menu focus group, the categories, and the categories that are visible when jobs are shown in the main container, in the main content group. So, this is the third header. So, now in the container, in the content container, we have, at the top left, we have your saved search. So, I can see the search that has saved. I can copy it. Yeah, I can copy it. So, below, we have subheadings that are in a line. Subheadings. The relevance. When you click on it, you can see a bunch of options to choose. Whenever you choose any option, it changes that relevance to whatever you change. Let's say I change to most recent. It will change from relevance to most recent. So, beside the relevance, we have 3 years. Yeah, as well, whenever you click on it, you see a bunch of options to choose from. 3 years, 1 week, 2 weeks, past 24 hours, 2. Whenever you click any of them as well, it changes the 3 years to whatever it changes to. Then, we have the apply forms, which also has 3 options as well. Since you have 3 options, the one you choose will show the one that will be shown. Then, beside that, we have the show all jobs. It also has 3 options. So, whenever you click on any of them, you see. Okay, on the show all jobs, we have 3 checkboxes. We have 3 checkboxes. So, it says exclude saved jobs, exclude applied jobs, exclude few jobs. So, if you click on any of them, it will exclude what you want it to exclude. If you want it to exclude the saved jobs, it will exclude it. So, you can pick all the 3. You can choose to exclude, viewed, applied, and saved jobs. So, when you click on those checkboxes, it puts their name in the title. Let's say, with all our checkboxes unchecked, it says show all jobs. When I check the exclude few jobs, it changes to hide viewed. When I check on the exclude applied jobs, it shows hide viewed with a comma and applied. When I click on the exclude saved jobs, it shows hide viewed, applied, and saved. So, that's how it works. So, now below all these, below all the lines, I mean, below the most recent, the weeks, they are all applied forms and they show all jobs. We have little texts that are beside themselves. The one is jobs. So, the jobs reflect on the number of jobs it's showing right now in the main container. So, it says 23 jobs. If I uncheck like some exclude saved jobs, exclude applied jobs, exclude viewed jobs, viewed jobs, when I uncheck them, when I uncheck my time, when I change my time to like years, to like three years, so the jobs now increase to like 33. So, all the things you do here reflect on the jobs. It is a dynamic data that the three jobs are dynamic. So, beside the 23 jobs, we have the companies with numbers as well, 12 companies. This is as well, it depends on the search and the information we are selecting. And the last one beside it is the country. You know, we can choose to put our country we want in the header, right? Just like I explained before. So, yep, that's it. So, below all these are the The box for each jobs. You know I said I'm on computer view right now, I can see 4 box in a row. So when I scroll down, yes, I can see more, more. So on each box, it is the same thing on each box, just different information. So on a box, you will see the job name. It can be more than one. For example, I can see Applied AI Engineer, Public Health, LLMS, for this. The location, it says Nigeria, or Ethiopia, or India, or France, or United Kingdom. That's below it. Then below it, we have a remote or full-time. So below it, we have a Resolve to save lives, like an image of the company. So it's like a logo in form of image of that company. So it has like a little subtext that says Resolve to save lives. And it has some information like a global aid organization focused on creating and scaling solutions. So in the document, it has a document icon, like it says H+, Y, O, E. Eight years of software development experience. Three to five years in AI model. Strong proficiency in Python and experience in healthcare settings. So below, it has a little shoes icon. It says Python, Pandas, NumPy, and TensorFlow. I mean like it has an icon with text beside it. Python, Pandas, NumPy, and TensorFlow. So that's what is in the box right now. So below it as well, there is a view all option. There is an eye icon with numbers of people that have viewed this. But this should not be in the MVP. Yeah, I mean that's checking who has viewed the jobs. So let's click on the view all. Whenever I click on the view all, it takes me to another page. So now there is another header again. So this will be like another header because on this new page. Okay, no, this is not another header. This is our first header, which consists of the company name and logo, the search, the location, the menu icon, and the group of categories. Yeah, so below it, it says jobs at Resolve to save lives. Then you also have the, at the top, you have most recent, which drop down. You have three years, which drop down. You have fewer jobs, which drop down. And you have two jobs, and you have Nigeria. Then you have to pop up two box in the main content. So that's when I click on the view all. So now when I hover on each of those box, there is an option that says apply directly, mark applied, save, copy link, hide job. The same thing when I hover on the second box. So let's apply. Now when I click on apply, it takes me to another page. Right. So this page is a bunch of text. Nah, man, this is too much. Yeah, a bunch of text that asks for information. So apply for this job. Apply first name, last name, preferred last name, email, phone numbers, resume, resume or CV. You can attach a cover letter. Where do you see our job? You type. And if you choose how many years of experience you have, describe your interest. How many years of experience you have in heavy metal testing. So this depends on each kind of job, the requirements, I'm sure. But the requirements for first name, last name, preferred first name, email, phone, CV, cover letter. I think everything will even be the same. Even the years of experience, blah, blah, blah. It should be same for everything. So at the end of that, there is a button to submit application. Then you click on submit. So let's just fill a random one. Let's see when we submit. Let's see if it's going to add to anywhere on the page.

So, now I'm about to click the submit application. So, it takes me to a page. It says, thank you for applying. We appreciate your interest in joining Resolve to save lives. That's the company name. The RTSA accepts and reviews application on ongoing basis. Our team will carefully review your application and if your application matches our needs, we will reach out to you regarding the next step. Thank you again for your time and effort. So, there's a button, view modules at Resolve to save lives, and there's a back to job post button, and there's a button that says, track your progress, sign in to my green house to keep tabs on your application to get details and more. Let's click on this. Okay, this takes me to another page to track progress. Nah, I'm not ready for this. So, let's click on view modules at Resolve to save lives. Okay, when I click on that, it takes me to the company site. So, nah, I have no business with your company site. Yeah. So, now let's go back to the job, to the IRN, to the project we are actually making. So, now we are back to where we set the toolbox. So, now we click on apply directly before. So, now let's click on the mark applied. So, when I click on mark apply, it shows a large jobs mark successfully. So, after you click on that mark apply, it changes it from mark applied to applied. So, now when you click on that applied, there is a pop-up that shows from the right side of the screen covering like 40 to 30 percent of the screen. It stretches full width, full height on the screen, but it stretches like taking like 40 percent of the width of the screen, just where it starts from the right-hand side. It stays on the right side of the screen. So, at the top, it says apply now, fill full. It shows the job information. It shows company information, job description. So, the job information, you can see the working, the job name, laboratories, specialties, testing and building. You can see the location, Abuja, Federal Capital. You can see on-site contract. You can see response. There's a lot of things here. You can see application process. These are just informations. On the company info, you can see like when it was founded, numbers of employee, industries, activities, latest investment, which is 115 million dollars. Latest investments, year 2022. Latest investment series, grants, investors, Bloomberg, philanthropies. We have headquarters country, United States, LinkedIn URL, job description, background, position summary, duration and location, contract and deliverables. Contract management. They have the collaboration with the U.S. Department of Trade, contract management. They have the qualifications like the education, experience and skills and others and they have application process. Under the job descriptions, so this will tell you about the descriptions of the job, food, then they have the background, the position summary, the contracts, deliveries, contract management. Oh no, I think I'm missing it up. So under the job description, it just tell you about the job description and the background. So there's an option, there's a button to copy the job description. It's going to copy everything. So yeah, then they click on the apply button, then you apply just like the first one I applied. Oh, whenever we click on the apply button, it takes us from the project. It takes us to the company site itself. You can, you will apply directly in the company site. MVP, keep that in the MVP. Whenever they want to apply, it takes them out of the site to the company site to their own page where they can apply. So what we do here is we only post job applications. Yep, we only post job applications. So this site is not the one handling the the application MVP place. So now let's close the pop-up that's come from the right side. Now let's proceed further. So what actually bring us here is when we click on the view all jobs on one of the box in the main section container. I mean, where we see four box in a row, we see numbers with different box showing different, you know, jobs.

Now we are back to the main session group. So we have a bunch of jobs that it will display, depending on the categories you select, the most recent you want to choose, like relevance, like salary, the three years you can select one day. So everything depends on what you select. If you select something that people did not post, or they did not post about those things, it's going to be empty. So let's try to make a situation whereby it will be empty. So I want to see what's going to be there. All right, so right now, I tried to do something that makes it empty. So in the main content, where the jobs boxes are before, now it says, you are all caught up. Try adjusting your filter for more results. That's good. MVP, please. Keep that in the MVP.

also since I'm already signed in I want to try to log out then I will sign in again so actually when you go to the page on page load you are free to view jobs even to search jobs but whenever you want to do like few or jobs or you want to do any critical things you have to sign in so on my sign in page right now so the header is kind of is different yes this is a sign in header or a login or sign in header so okay yeah so now on the header let's start with header in the sign in or login page we have the company name our logo we have the search and we have the login text with our menu focus menu icon but this time the content in the menu in the menu icon is kind of different now because now we have a signup and login in it so when you click it it shows sign up login and click on sign up you can click on the login if you click on the sign up okay it's still okay and if you click on login it's the same thing all right I guess what's going on so what's going on is that let's put a password so there is this pop-up it's not like a pop-up it's a group but it's it is more wider than the background it is like this group login the one that is showing on the content speech it's like a pop-up you should know those kind of pop-up but it's not showing opacity on other content you can see every other content clearly as well or it's just turned out so on it we have the login in or sign up then welcome to the IRNK of the company name there is an input email is an input password and there is a continue button so you can also choose to continue with Google let's only leave continue with Google for now it's the email and password there is option to continue with Microsoft with Facebook with github or common who is using Facebook Microsoft github for these days so I would just like to continue with email password or to continue with Gmail so in the email let's put informations all right so in the email I put my email and my password since it's a new email it's decided send me a verification code confirm it and come back to login so then I will go there and confirm my verification code so there's one thing I notice is the same input you are using for login is the same input they are using for sign up so when your account when your email when your gmail or whatever your email address you are using whenever you have never created an account with it and you put a password and you click on the continue button so it will send you a verification code so you come back on that same input you put in okay your inputs are still there the one you put in when you want to sign when you want to sign up is still there even when you click on the continue is still there it did not disappear so when you go to your address and confirm the message the verification message when you come back and click on the continue it will take you to the page so and let's say you already created the account before so just come here you put your email then you put your password then you click on the continue they need to take you in so that's the system we are also using for the signing in and logging in then we have to continue with gmail you know the process for that I don't need to explain so now let's go back to the menu group that's the menu icon that shows the menu focus group so it's have a sign up login both of them are still displaying same thing the sign up and the login is the same it's displaying the same thing because you know there is no special sign up page or special login page they are using that logic I explained now so also below we have saved jobs talent network about us employers and lights mode or to select that mode actually I don't need the lights mode or that mode in my MVP I can keep the about us I'm fine with that and the employers I can keep that as well the talent network remove it I don't need it in my MVP I don't need the saved jobs I don't know so they should be able to save jobs without having an account yet okay that's fine that's fine yeah so that's it about the logging in and signing in